Education can be a little frightening.
When you first start learning a new topic,
there's this realization of how little you know,
and that can be scary.
It's easy to give up. But, if you stick with it,
if you put the time in,
then you start to learn, and that's exciting.
It's thrilling to learn new things,
to put them into action.
I always thought that education was kind of like a roller coaster.
You learn something and it's hard.
It's tough to get to the top of that hill.
But when you get to the top,
when you figure it all out, it's a rush.
It's an absolute ride.
So, congratulations on finishing the ride.
We're delighted you made it this far,
and we're looking forward to seeing what you build.